Experiment step randomization mode - MERGE 3/5 (#6985)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/experiment_step.md

![Experiment Settings where you can add paths and distribute the percentage of users in each path.][1]

{% alert note %}

> If Canvas re-eligibility is enabled, users who enter the Canvas and go down a randomly chosen path will go down the same path again if they become re-eligible and re-enter the Canvas. This maintains the validity of the experiment and associated analytics. If instead you'd like the Experiment Step to always randomize path assignment, enable **Randomized Paths in Experiment Paths**. This option is not available when using either Winning or Personalized Paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Canvas re-eligibility is enabled, users who enter the Canvas and go down a randomly chosen path will go down the same path again if they become re-eligible and re-enter the Canvas. This maintains the validity of the experiment and associated analytics. If you want the Experiment Step to always randomize path assignment, select **Randomized Paths in Experiment Paths**. This option is not available when using either Winning or Personalized Paths.
```
